---
title: 'Therapeutic chatbot'
date: 2021-08-02
permalink: /posts/2021/07/therapy-chatbot/
tags:
  - chatbot
  - therapy
  -
---

Chatbot supporting therapy history part 1.
======

Today I had yet another meeting with a firm, that is building a chatbot for our project. They are great, I can't tell, whether they are genuinely excited an commited to the project, or they ar just professionals. Or both.

This project is actually quite old. When I was starting my internship at PLAN, which was the begining of my adventure with SWPS, I took part in labmeeting, during which prof. Michałowski mentioned that he was thinking about automating therapy with chatbot- and I knew I want to do this.

Of course, he just mentioned it briefly, then the topic disappeared, just to emerge almost year later, when I got doctoral scholarship and begun regular work at PLAN. I made a proposition, that as my PHD dissertation I will build and conduct study- which was ambitious, and as I know now, batshit crazy. We developed idea, how to achieve that- and started working on financing.

We started working on our first grant application in November 2019, but we failed due to short time. We worked furtherly, looking for other people to be involved in this project. I talked to dr. Konat from Adam Mickiewicz University, who is great language specialist. Prof. Michałowski talked dr. Sanna from SWPS University, experienced therapist. They are both amazing researchers.

Something around January or February, we worked with several people from SWPS University centre of knowledge transfer([^1]:I don't know how to translate it to english, in polish it is "Centrum Transferu Wiedzy"), but we ended up working with Iwona Gawrycka- who is helping us with organisation since then. She contacted us with Norbert Szczepaniak from Economic University at Poznań- who is experienced in science commercialisation.

That formed our team and we ar working on chatbot therapy since then. We have written an application for building a chatbot and get financing in 2020- that when our project started.   
